[ thunder ]
- Piper, please.
- Come on, Piper. That concert
is completely sold out.
- We just need four tickets.
- Please?
- You just need four tickets?
- Yeah. Just four.
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
- No.
- But you have eight tickets.
- Yeah, eight tickets
that I earned.
- Uh, you didn't earn
those tickets.
- Hey, who went online
and entered the contest?
- You.
- You did.
- I guess... I guess you.
- And who won the contest?
- You.
- You did.
- I guess you.
- Yeah.
- Okay, okay.
[ sighs ]
Piper.
- Too close.
- Okay.
- Listen, the Hallkins
are my favorite band
and my boss Ray's
favorite band.
- They're my favorite band, too.
- Come on, Piper.
Please!
[ sighs ]
- Hey, guys, look who I found
wandering around outside.
- Aw.
- Whose puppy is that?
- Can we keep him?
- I don't know, Dad,
I'm not in charge of the house.
- Right. I'll ask your mom.
- The tickets?
- Oh, yeah, yeah, yeah.
Dad, Piper won eight tickets
to this concert
we all really want to go to.
- Ooh, that sounds fun.
- Yeah, so will you please tell
her to give us four tickets?
- Sure. Piper--
- No.
- I did my best.
[ thunder ]
- Piper.
- Piper!
- Come on, we got
to get back to work.
[ thunder ]
- Hey, where's the remote?
- I left it on
the front porch.
- Oh. I'll go grab it.
[ music ]
[ beeping ]
- Hey, are Charlotte
and Henry back?
Did they get
the Hallkins tickets
from Henry's awful sister?
- They're trying to come
down now, but this weird storm
is causing problems
with the tubes.
- Maybe push that button.
- I know which button to push.
[ thunder ]
- Wow.
Man, that was a pretty
rough trip down the tubes.
- It all just kind of happened.
- My dad was
an irresponsible scientist.
- I wanted an afterschool job.
- And by accident,
he made me indestructible.
Ah!
- I went into this crazy store
and met
a pretty interesting guy.
- I'm going to blow your mind.
Now I protect
the good citizens of Swellview
who call me...
- And he turned out to be...
- You know the name.
- Captain Man!
- That's right, Henry.
In time, I realized
that being a superhero
is a lot to handle alone.
- He wanted some help.
- I needed a sidekick.
- I, Henry Hart...
- Pledge to never ever ever
tell anyone...
- That I'm Captain Man's
secret sidekick.
- It is done.
- Now we blow bubbles.
- And fight crime.
- Feels good.
- Call it.
- Up the tube!
Oh, my boot.
- Ha!
[ thunder ]
- Now, Schwoz.
I want to know why it
took you so long
to bring Henry and
Charlotte down those tubes.
- It's the crazy storm outside.
It's affecting everything--
- No excuses.
- I promise, it wasn't my fault.
- Carelessness with the
equipment will not be tolerated.
- Oh, please, tolerate it.
Please.
- Okay, what is going on?
- I think Ray's mad at Schwoz.
- I know that. I mean why
is this place all different?
And them?
And our clothes?
- Shh. Just don't say anything
until we can get alone and talk.
- No, no, no.
- Give me your nostrilator.
- Can't I just have a warning?
- Your nostrilator.
[ groans ]
- No, no.
Aah!
- What did you think of that?
- Good, good, good one.
[ grunts ]
- Now the tickets.
Did your sister agree
to give you four tickets
to the Hallkins concert?
- Uh...
No. No. She's still
refusing to give us any.
- Then I guess we'll have
to go with plan B.
[ cackles ]
Hey, everything all right
with you two?
That was a rough trip
down the tubes.
- Uh...
- No. We... we got a
real bad headache.
- Yeah, we need to go
upstairs to Junk-N-Stuff...
- To get some headache
medication.
- Ow.
- All right.
- Come on.
[ Schwoz groans ]
- Ray, can you please
hand me my glass of water?
- Oh, you mean this
glass of water?
- Yeah. Oh.
[ grunts ]
[ groans ]
- Ah!
- Oh my God, look!
[ hisses ]
[ laughing ]
- Even Junk-N-Stuff
is all different.
- Shh.
- I want to know what's going
on, and I want to know right--
You just yanked me
over the counter.
- Listen, Ray might be watching
us on the security cameras,
hearing everything
we say, so just be cool.
- It's not cool to yank
a friend over a counter.
- I'm sorry.
Just act normal.
- All right.
- So, hey, tell me about
your brownie recipe.
- My what?
- Just make something up.
I'll pretend
to write it down.
- Oh, right,
my brownie recipe.
So, first, I buy
a box of brownie mix.
- Buy box of brownie mix.
Hey, did I spell
brownie right?
Okay, I think
I know why everything
is all crazy around here.
- Why?
- Well, we're having this
really weird storm, right?
With lots of lightning
and stuff.
- Yeah?
- Well, I think
the storm created
an electrical interference
with the tubes
and somehow we ended up here,
in this... opposite universe.
- You think we're in
an opposite universe?
- Yeah, yeah, yeah.
But talk about brownies.
Talk about brownies.
- Right.
So then next, you open
the box of brownie mix,
and pour it into a bowl.
- Ah, into a bowl.
- What's an opposite universe?
- It's like our universe,
but different
and sort of backwards like,
like the good people are bad
and everything is kind
of the same, but opposite.
- Wait.
If we somehow got
transported
to this evil,
opposite universe...
- Yeah?
- Does that mean that
there are evil versions
of you and me that got
sent to our universe?
- Oh my God.
- I order you,
let me go!
I mean it, traitors!
Ray, Schwoz, what's wrong
with you two?
Get off me.
You traitorous pig!
- Aah!
- Have you gone insane?
- Look, I don't know who
you two are,
but you're not the real
Henry and Charlotte.
- I'll stab your face
and bite your throat.
- See, that's just
a weird thing to say.
- You both stay here
locked inside
while we figure out how to
return you to where you belong.
[ chuckles ]
- Okay, Ray,
I'll play your game.
What do you want? Money?
Gold?
Chicken wings?
- Fascinating.
- Ray! What is it that
will buy you, huh?
Do you want pizza?
New pants?
I can get that for you.
- All right, activate
eliminator.
- Activating eliminator.
- Just play along and
act like you fit in here.
We don't want them to think
that we're some kind of--
- Hey, hey.
- Target acquired
and locked in.
- Target?
- Uh...
Ray? Hey, Ray, that's
my little sister.
- Yeah.
Schwoz, set the eliminator
to 1.4k megawatts.
- Aye.
- Wait. Wait. What are
you going to do to her?
- I'm going to eliminate her
so we can take
her concert tickets and
go see the Hallkins.
- Uh...
But what if the storm damaged
the eliminator's circuits?
- Yeah, yeah, what if that?
- Okay. We'll test it
on someone else.
- Acquiring new target.
- Piper, look at
this filthy beast
I found wandering
in our yard.
- Look at my dad.
- He looks so evil.
- Target acquired
and locked in.
- Set for
temporary elimination.
- Wait, wait, hey, before
you do anything let's just--
- Activate.
- He just eliminated your dad.
- I know.
- And re-materialize.
- How'd you do that?
[ dog whimpers ]
- And now we'll
eliminate
Henry's little
sister permanently.
- Setting for permanent
elimination.
- Wait, wait, wait.
- Yeah?
- Uh...
Charlotte has a really
good brownie recipe
she'd like to share with you.
[ music ]
- Ready to activate.
- All right, boys and girls.
Say a permanent goodbye
to Henry's little sister,
and a big hello
to some concert tickets.
- Three, two, one...
- Wait!
- Wait for what?
- Because...
- I want to press the button.
- Yeah. Yeah.
- You hurry up, please?
I have to go to
the bathroom real bad.
- Just hit the button,
will you?
- Sure. I just can't decide
which finger to use.
I mean, because I could
use this finger or this one,
maybe even this one.
- And we haven't even
talked about thumbs.
- Just push
the button, Charlotte.
You're in the seat.
- Don't say urine.
- Hey, hey, hey,
what if she has
the concert tickets
in her pockets?
- Yeah.
If we eliminate Piper, we might
eliminate her tickets, too.
- I didn't think of that.
- I know. So, I'll go
check her pockets.
- And if Henry finds
the tickets...
- Then we can all go to the
Hallkins concert together.
- Pow!
- All right, Henry.
You got 30 minutes.
Get those tickets
from your sister
or else she
disappears forever.
Now, I'm going to
go get a haircut.
[ thunder ]
[ grunts ]
- Get off me!
- Well, if it ain't
Henry Hart.
- Look guys, I got to get
inside and talk to Piper,
so what do you want?
- To take you down.
- Why?
- So that I can take over
your job at Junk-N-Stuff.
- And then Jasper can give us
all the free junk we want.
- And free in-store Wi-Fi.
- That's right.
So Henry Hart,
spatch you later.
What are you doing?
- Switching to Henry's side.
- What?
- We're defeated.
- Run away.
- Wait for me!
- Did you see that?
I switched sides
and I helped you.
- Yeah. Yeah, I saw.
- Yeah, Jasper said he was
going to give me free junk.
But I figured you could
give me free junk and stuff.
- Oh yeah?
Would you like that?
- Yes sir.
- Not on my porch.
- Kid Danger.
Oh my goodness,
what a wonderful surprise.
- Uh, yeah.
Listen, I heard you won tickets
to the Hallkins concert.
Now, give them to me.
- Oh, I'd love to, but I've
already invited three friends
to the concert,
and I'm donating my other four
to some poor children.
- Wow.
- What?
- You're...
You're so nice.
- Aw. You're so nice for
saying I'm so nice.
Would you like me
to bake you a pie?
- Yeah, I would love
that actually.
- Captain Man!
Oh my goodness, what
a wonderful surprise.
- Shut up.
- Sure.
- Hey, I thought you said
you're going to get a haircut.
- I was. Then I realized
my hair is already perfect.
Did you get the concert
tickets from her?
- No, not yet exactly
but I'm get--
- Well, little girl.
That makes you a problem.
[ gun beeps ]
- Well, I understand.
Just do what you got to do.
- No.
[ struggling ]
- Can't we all
just have some pie?
- You've gone soft,
Kid Danger.
I think you need a
double dose of vitamin fist.
- Let's use our words.
[ shouts ]
- Hey, little girl, will you
help me out here please?
- I would, but I'm committed
to a life of non-violence.
- Ah, geez.
Let me go.
- No.
- Okay, guys,
I have to leave now.
- Wait.
Wait, where are you going?
- To do some charity work.
- What's going on
with you, Kid?
You've been acting weird
ever since you and Charlotte
came down those tubes.
Why?
- I...
I can't tell you.
- You tell me what's
going on right now
or I will push my fingers
right into your face.
- Okay, okay, okay.
I'm not the Henry Hart
you know.
- What are you saying?
- I'm from
an opposite universe.
So is Charlotte.
And we just want to go back
to where we belong.
So please stop pushing
your fingers into my face.
- Okay.
[ machines beeping ]
- Aah!
- Would you like some music?
- You know Ray doesn't
like you playing that thing
in the Man Cave.
- But when the Captain's away,
the Schwoz will play.
[ door beeps ]
I wasn't playing music,
I swear.
I swear on my mother's boozle.
- I don't care about your music
or your mother's... boozle.
That is not the Henry we know.
- What?
- That Henry and that Charlotte
are from an opposite universe.
- Ah, of course.
That's why she looks so weird.
- Uh, have you
looked in a mirror?
- Okay, come on.
We just want to get
back home to our universe.
- And we need to get our
Henry and Charlotte back here
because these ones are lame.
- Hey, did you figure out
what went wrong
and why we're here
in this universe?
- I think so.
See, when we were coming down
the tubes in our universe,
the other Henry and Charlotte,
from this universe,
were coming down those tubes.
- Ah, and there was
electrical interference
from the storm outside.
- Which is still happening.
- Right. So, if we use the tubes
now before the storm is over,
that might take us
back to our universe.
- The weird looking
girl is right.
- Why don't you shave
that hair tuft
off the top of your head?
- Hey, in my universe
this tuft is cool.
[ phone chimes ]
- Henry, the storm conditions
are changing.
- Then go.
Get on the tube pad now.
- Wait.
If I have two minutes left,
I'm going to use that time
to make a heartfelt speech.
- Oh God.
- Ah geez.
- Listen, in our universe,
Captain Man is a hero
who would never hurt anyone
unless they deserved it.
- Oh, what about me?
- You're a freak
in both universes.
- Yes!
- You have 55 seconds.
- Ray, your ways of
evil are illogical.
You're strong and
indestructible.
- And handsome.
- Okay.
Maybe if instead of
hurting people,
you start being
nice to them,
I think you'll like being
respected
and loved more than you
like being feared.
- I don't know.
I really like being feared.
For example. Boo!
- Aah!
- But maybe you're right,
Henry Hart,
from another universe.
Maybe, from now on
I'll try to be good.
- Ow!
You broke my pinky finger.
- Well, I can't start trying
to be good all of the sudden.
I mean, baby steps.
- You should try
being evil sometimes.
- Arg.
- Because evil is fun.
- Arg!
- Plus it's way better
than just be--
- Will you get
them out of here?
- Wait. No, no, no!
- Wait!
Before I go...
- Aah!
She chopped off my tuft!
[ chuckles ]
- Hey.
Remember, Ray,
in every revolution,
there's one man
with a vision.
- I have no idea
what that means. See ya.
- Ray...
- Welcome home, kids.
- Aw, put it away.
- Are you serious? Seriously.
- Schwoz.
- Baah.
[ oven bell ]
- Mmm...